AAP-15785: Revised titles and sections (#391)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/hub/con-enable-view-only.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// assembly-view-only-access.adoc

[id="con-enable-view-only"]

> = Enabling view-only access for your {PrivateHubNameStart}

Reviewer: Just curious... should {PrivateHubName} here instead of the one with "start" included (since it doesn't come at the beginning of the title)

Author: You are correct. Fixed 👍🏾

> Enable view-only access for your private {HubName} by editing the inventory file found on your {PlatformName} installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable view-only access for your {PrivateHubName} by editing the inventory file found on your {PlatformName} installer.
```

Author: Thanks, @jself-sudoku. Changes made 👍🏾

Author: Whoops, I missed something. I'll fix it now.
